Project IdeasProject 11) I'm planning to build a recommendation generator for beer.  This is the primary project Idea that I would like to focus on.2) I have found an API that has a ton of information regarding about different breweries and the beers they offer.  I also have started to write code to scrape beer ratings and availability from beeradvocate.com3) The hard part in my mind will be making the recommendation relevant by availability in a given location as not all beer in the API will be available everywhere. 4) I chose this topic because I really like beer varieties and have domain knowledge from years of experience home brewing so I am familiar with a lot of the features that are available in the API.Project 21) Build a sentiment evaluator for a company's social media pages.2) I could get access to my wife's company's social media accounts to pull comments from various post's and attempt to build a sentiment evaluator tailored to their company3) getting the various API's to work for me has been problematic but I hope I can get them to work.  Learning how to write or modify a sentiment evaluator could prove challenging as well4) I chose this topic because my wife asked me if I could do it.Project 31) I'm thinking about the possibility of building a traffic planner that will not only tell you the best route now but what the best route and departure time will be tomorrow or any day in the future.2)I have not explored fully the information available through google's API for traffic information and it seems like it would take a lot of web scraping to find events in a given area that would affect traffic.3) I chose this topic because  I hate sitting in traffic and always try to do this kind of thing in my head so why not let a computer do a better job.