Home Brewer's Hop GuideThis project was an attempt at making a recommendation of what ingredients to use when writing a beer recipe to brew at home.  As a home brewer myself, I tended to fly by the seat of my pants a bit when writing a recipe but with this I can give some more direction.There are three Python Notebooks that explain show my process and a set of slides that summarize the whole project. I have also uploaded my final data set which is a small subset of the information available at brewerydb.com (the API I used).  I am not uploading the entire data set I pulled from them out of respect for what they provide so if you want  more beer information than I have here please check them out.Part 1:  Gather, explore and clean the dataThis first step was to find as much information about beers as I could.  After searching for the most consolidated set of data on beer, I eventually landed on brewerydb.com as an API.  This notebook illustrates how I parsed the JSON file that is provided by breweryDB.  I started with the free version and pulled all the beers that had an IBU provided.  I then used machine learning to fill in missing values for original gravity, SRM (color), and ABV.  I also filled in 72 missing style ID's by hand.Part 2: Gather Ingredient Information I decided to pay for a couple months worth of API access to get ingredient information since that was the easiest way to gather that kind of data.  Once the account was established I was able to access every beer they have in the data base (over 59,000) with ingredients and brewery information.  After exploring this new data set I found that it was heavily skewed to American beers so I decided to focus on those alone.  The way that I originally parsed the ingredient data was a bit disorganized so I condensed the lengthy feature column list of ingredients I have into one feature column as a list of hop names.  I also added ingredient information to beers that had the ingredients listed in their description.  I then created new feature columns that were the averages of the characteristics of the hops listed for the beers. Part 3:  Cluster and RecommendNow that I had a data set that included the basic information about beers and some of the more detailed ingredient information I grouped them using K-Means clustering which yielded some very helpful information.  The clustering ended up being mostly based on a hop profile so I was able create a machine learning model that took in a desired ABV, IBU, gravity, Style, and Color and spat out which cluster that belonged in and the most common hops of that cluster.   Thus a hop recommendation for homebrewing was delivered.Next Steps: The future!-I would like to add malt information to the data set a nd then potentially re group the beers once they have that information. -Since this was a project for a class I felt a time crunch so left some of  my machine learning models as they were instead of fine tuning them so I would like to go back and fine tune them a bit more.-I would also like to finish building my Heroku App to show this information to the public. 